>> IT'S TIME TO PLAY WHAT'S THAT
NAME?
>> HERE'S YOUR HOST.
>> HELLO, HELLO AND WELCOME DO
THAT'S NAME.
THE RULES ARE SIMPLE.
WE SHOW YOU A PERSON AND YOU
TELL US THEIR NAME.
OUR CONTESTANTS ARE DOUG AND
COURTNEY.
THE FIRST QUESTION GOES TO DOUG.
JOHN LEGEND IS ONE OF POP
MUSIC'S BIGGEST ARTISTS.
DOUG, WHAT'S THAT NAME?
>> CHRISSY TEAGAN.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
$5 FOR YOU.
COURTNEY, YOU'RE UP NEXT.
ALTHOUGH, THEY RECENTLY SPLIT,
WE'LL NEVER FORGET THE WHIRL
WIND ROMANCE OF NOAH CYRUS AND
THIS AMERICAN MUSICIAN.
WHAT'S THAT NAME?
>> OH, I ACTUALLY KNOW THIS.
LIL XAN?
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
$5 TO YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
DOUG.
THIS NEXT QUESTION IS FOR
$250,000.
AND WE'VE GOT A WALK ON CLUE.
MEET TODD.
>> I'M ONE OF YOUR CLOSEST
FRIENDS.
>> HEY, MAN.
>> AND I HAVE BEEN HIS
GIRLFRIEND FOR FOUR YEARS.
WHAT'S MY NAME?
>> HEY, IT'S GREAT TO SEE YOU.
>> IT'S GREAT TO SEE YOU.
WE'VE GONE OUT TO DINNER
20 TIMES.
WE'VE SAT NEXT TO EACH OTHER AT
MULTIPLE WEDDINGS.
WHAT'S MY NAME?
>> UH --
>> DOESN'T SEEM LIKE YOU KNOW
HER NAME.
>> NO, OF COURSE I DO.
IT'S MISSY?
>> AUDIENCE?
>> KAREN!
>> TODD, I'M SO SORRY.
INTERESTING CHOICE TO APOLOGIZE
TO HIM.
AS OPPOSED TO HER.
I GUESS YOU JUST DON'T CONSIDER
HER A HUMAN BEING.
>> WHAT KIND OF HORRIBLE GAME
SHOW IS THIS?
>> IT'S WHAT'S THAT NAME.
>> COURTNEY, YOU'RE UP NEXT.
AND WE'VE GOT ANOTHER WALK ON
CLUE.
♪♪♪
>> HEY, IT'S JAKE FROM YOUR
ADVERTISING FIRM IN WHICH YOU
ARE THE ONLY FEMALE PARTNER.
>> AND I'M HIS WIFE.
NOW, WE MET AT THE HOLIDAY PARTY
WHEN I SHOWED UP, YOU GAVE ME A
BIG HUG AND SAID, "THANK GOD I'M
NOT THE ONLY WOMAN HERE
ANYMORE."
EVERY TIME YOU SEE ME, YOU SAY,
"HEY, LADY" OR "HEY, MAMA."
WHAT'S MY NAME?
>> MAMA?
>>
>> OOH, NOT GOING TO CUT IT,
MAMA.
AUDIENCE?
>> ALLISON >> BUT, LITTLE THAN
YOU KNOW.
>> THAT'S WORSE THAN ME.
>> HOW IS THAT WORSE?
YOU KNOW, THE CAMERA IS ON HIM.
GET ALL THE CAMERAS ON HIM.
FINISH THAT THOUGHT, DOUG.
IT'S WORSE BECAUSE --
>> WELL, YOU KNOW, SHE'S A
WOMAN.
SO AT A PARTY, YOU THINK SHE
WOULD WANT TO TALK TO THE OTHER
WIVES.
>> OTHER WIVES?
>> SHE'S A GOD DAMN PARTNER AT
THE FIRM, BUDDY.
UNREAL.
ROUND TWO.
>> YOU KNOW, I WANT TO SAY
SOMETHING.
I THINK YOU'RE KIND OF A JERK.
>> I THINK YOU'RE A JERK.
>> NAME YOUR FRIEND'S WIVES.
>> THOSE GUYS?
THEY DON'T HAVE WIVES.
I ROLL WITH A CREW OF
PROBLEMATIC BACHELORS AND WE
CALL OURSELVES THE SQUAD.
LET'S LEARN A LITTLE BIT ABOUT
OUR CONTESTANTS.
SHALL WE?
COURTNEY IT SAYS HERE THAT
YOU'RE A WOMAN WHO DOESN'T
SUPPORT OTHER WOMAN.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
>> IS THERE ANYTHING YOU WOULD
LIKE TO SAY TO ALL THE GIRLS
WATCHING AT HOME?
>> NOPE.
>> GOTCHA.
DOUG, WHAT WOULD YOU SAY TO ALL
THE YOUNG GIRLS WATCHING?
>> I DON'T KNOW.
YOU ARE AS GOOD AS ANY MAN.
>> TERRIBLE.
>> WHAT WOULD YOU SAY?
>> I WOULDN'T SAY ANYTHING.
>> CAMERA THREE, PUSH IT ON ME.
I WOULD LISTEN.
TIME FOR THE FINAL CLUE AND THIS
IS VIEWER'S CHOICE.
NO, YOU'RE NOT SEEING DOUBLE.
THERE IS THREE WOMEN THERE.
THESE ARE THREE OF YOUR WIFE'S
BRIDESMAIDS.
AND THEY ARE NOT HER SISTERS OR
YOUR SISTERS.
NOW, DOUG, YOU DON'T KNOW ANY OF
THESE WOMEN'S NAMES.
>> THAT'S CORRECT.
>> ALL RIGHT, SO HERE'S THE
DEAL.
YOU PICK THE ONE YOU THINK YOU
HAVE GOT THE BEST SHOT AT.
>> UM, MIDDLE ONE.
>> AWE, THANKS.
>> AND BECAUSE YOU ARE SUCH A
DUMB DONKEY, WE'RE GOING TO GIVE
YOU ALMOST ALL THE LETTERS.
>> CAN I HAVE THE FIRST LETTER?
>> NO.
THAT WOULD BE ALL OF THEM.
>> DO I HAVE TO LOOK AT HER
WHILE I GUESS?
>> RIGHT IN THE EYE.
FOR $10 MILLION.
WHAT'S THAT NAME?
>> I'M SO SORRY.
LARA.
DARA.
JARA.
>> YOU THINK HER NAME IS JARA?
>> TARA.
MARA.
DARA.
>> AUDIENCE?
>> MARA.
>> I SAID MARA.
>> YEAH, BUT YOU DIDN'T KNOW IT.
>> HEY, VINCE BLAKE, WHY DO YOU
DO THIS GAME?
WHAT'S IT ALL FOR?
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
>> IN A WORD, CHAOS.
AND THAT'S THE GAME.
NO WINNER, I GUESS.
BUT STICK AROUND BECAUSE DOUG'S
OUR GUEST ON ANOTHER GAME SHOW,
"DOES THE HOUSEKEEPER HAVE A
SON?"
>> NO, SHE DOESN'T.
>> HE'S 16 YEARS OLD.
ALL RIGHT, GOOD NIGHT.